electrodes.rst, before:

.. _electrodes_label:



Connecting electrodes to the CheapStat device
=====================================================

Each CheapStat unit ships with a set of 3 colored wires with alligator clips for connecting to your electrodes. 

*  Green alligator clip - Working electrode 
*  Yellow alligator clip -- Reference electrode
*  Red alligator clip -- Counter electrode

Insert the 3-pin connector into the side of the CheapStat as shown in the image below. Note that there is a sticker on the connector end to help with orientation. The sticker should be facing up. 

.. figure:: _static/wire_connector_3.png
   :align:  center

Next, attach the clips to the reference, working and counter electrodes. For example, in the images shown below, a Ag/AgCl reference electrode [#f1]_ was used along with carbon lead pencil for the counter and working electrodes. 


.. figure:: _static/ecell_3.JPG
   :align:  center

   
   
   
   
Adapters for screen printed electrodes
-------------------------------------------------------------

Small PCB adapter boards with a card edge connector can be used for connecting screen printed electrodes to the CheapStat. Currently there are two versions available:

* `Adapter ver A <http://www.iorodeo.com/content/cheapstat-screen-printed-electrode-adapter-pcb>`_ - Includes a 5x2 card edge connector for cards with 5 pins e.g. Pine Research Instrumentation cards [#f2]_. 
* Adapter ver B - Includes a 3x2 card edge connector for cards with 3 pins e.g. DropSense cards [#f3]_.


Adapter ver A with Pine Instruments SPE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Insert a card into the adapter. Plug the adapter PCB into the side of the CheapStat as shown in the images below:

.. figure:: _static/cheapstat_spce.png
   :align:  center


.. figure:: _static/spce_1.JPG
   :align:  center


   
Adapter ver B with DropSens SPE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Coming soon .....

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#f1] CH Instruments Inc. (http://www.chinstruments.com/). Part # CHI111 T. $28 + shipping.
.. [#f2] Pine Research Instrumentation (https://pineinst.com/echem/). Part # RRPE1001C-10. 10-pack of electrodes, $30 + shipping.
.. [#f3] DropSens (http://www.dropsens.com/). Part # 110-75. 75-pack of electrodes, $224 + shipping.

Commit message:

Modified content. Changed connector images and added text on menu options.

electrodes.rst, after:

.. _electrodes_label:



Connecting electrodes to the CheapStat device
=====================================================
Each CheapStat unit ships with an electrode adapter. This is a small PCB with a set of 3 colored wires with alligator clips for connecting to your electrodes. Insert the 3-pin connector into the side of the CheapStat as shown in the image below. Note the orientation. The leads should be hanging down off the side. 


.. figure:: _static/pcb_connector_4.png
   :align:  center

Next, attach the clips to the reference, working and counter electrodes as follows:

*  Green alligator clip -- Working electrode 
*  Yellow alligator clip -- Reference electrode
*  Red alligator clip -- Counter electrode


In the experimental set-up shown below, a Ag/AgCl reference electrode [#f1]_ was used along with carbon lead pencil for the counter and working electrodes. 


.. figure:: _static/ecell_3.JPG
   :align:  center

  
   
   
Adapters for screen printed electrodes
-------------------------------------------------------------

Small PCB adapter boards with a card edge connector can be used for connecting screen printed electrodes to the CheapStat. Currently there are two versions available:

* `Adapter ver A <http://www.iorodeo.com/content/cheapstat-screen-printed-electrode-adapter-pcb>`_ - Includes a 5x2 card edge connector for cards with 5 pins e.g. Pine Research Instrumentation cards [#f2]_. 
* Adapter ver B - Includes a 3x2 card edge connector for cards with 3 pins e.g. DropSense cards [#f3]_.


Adapter ver A with Pine Instruments SPE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Insert a card into the adapter. Plug the adapter PCB into the side of the CheapStat as shown in the images below:

.. figure:: _static/cheapstat_spce.png
   :align:  center


.. figure:: _static/spce_1.JPG
   :align:  center


   
Adapter ver B with DropSens SPE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Coming soon .....

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#f1] CH Instruments Inc. (http://www.chinstruments.com/). Part # CHI111 T. $28 + shipping.
.. [#f2] Pine Research Instrumentation (https://pineinst.com/echem/). Part # RRPE1001C-10. 10-pack of electrodes, $30 + shipping.
.. [#f3] DropSens (http://www.dropsens.com/). Part # 110-75. 75-pack of electrodes, $224 + shipping.
